= MediaWiki markup language =

== Text formatting markup ==

=== Paragraphs, sections ===

Normal text directly appears in the output. To start a new paragraph,
leave a blank line between the two text segments:

<pre>
First paragraph, 
can have multiple lines.

The second paragraph
</pre>

Sections can be created by surrounding titles with = characters,
and putting them in separate lines. The section's level depends
on the number of = characters. The following example shows
how to create multiple, nested sections:

<pre>
= Section 1 =

== Section 1.1 ==

== Section 1.2 ==

=== Section 1.2.1 ===

==== Section 1.2.1.1 ====

==== Section 1.2.1.2 ====

=== Section 1.2.2 ===

= Section 2 =

...
</pre>

----

It is possible to put a horizontal line with the following syntax:
<pre>----</pre>

=== Simple text formatting ===

Use the following syntax for formatting the text:
 
* ''Italic text'': &apos;&apos;italic text&apos;&apos;
* '''Bold text''': &apos;&apos;&apos;bold text&apos;&apos;&apos;
* '''''Bold italic text''''': &apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;bold italic text&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;&apos;

=== Links ===

=== Lists ===

''Bullet lists'' can be written by putting one ore more asterix (*) at
the beginning of a line. Multiple asterisks means ''nesting'':

<pre>
* First item
** A sub item
** Other sub item
*** One more deeper
* Second item
* ...
</pre>

produces the following output:

* First item
** A sub item
** Other sub item
*** One more deeper
* Second item
* ...

Similarly, using the hash character (#) creates ''numbered lists'':

<pre>
# First item
## A sub item
## Other sub item
### One more deeper
# Second item
# ...
</pre>

will give the following output:

# First item
## A sub item
## Other sub item
### One more deeper
# Second item
# ...

It is possible to create ''definition lists'':

<pre>
;item 1
: definition 1
;item 2
: definition 2-1
: definition 2-2
</pre>

produces

;item 1
: definition 1
;item 2
: definition 2-1
: definition 2-2

=== Links and page references ===
To link another page in the documentation, use the page's ''ID'' and the desired text of the link. For example:

<pre>
[AnotherPage]
</pre>

will create a link to the page having the ''AnotherPage'' identifier, and the link's text will be the same. To provide an alternative text, write it after the page ID:

<pre>
[AnotherPage another page]
</pre>

'''The page ID must not have spaces in it.'''

Linking external sites works the same way:

<pre>
[http://www.google.com]
</pre>

or

<pre>
[http://www.google.com Google]
</pre>

=== Tables ===
It is possible to describe ''tables'' with ''MediaWiki syntax''.

The following example shows a simple table with three columns and column header:

<pre>
{|
! align="left"|Item
! Amount
! Cost
|-
|Orange
|10
|7.00
|-
|Bread
|4
|3.00
|-
|Butter
|1
|5.00
|-
!Total
|
|15.00
|}
</pre>

It looks like the following:

{|
! align="left"|Item
! Amount
! Cost
|-
|Orange
|10
|7.00
|-
|Bread
|4
|3.00
|-
|Butter
|1
|5.00
|-
!Total
|
|15.00
|}

For more examples, check the [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Tables MediaWiki help].

=== Images ===
Images are put similarly to page references. It is usually not required to manually write image references. See [UsingImages Using images] section for more information.

For additional image parameters check the [http://www.mediawiki.org/wiki/Help:Images MediaWiki help].
